Thank you for being here thank you for us traveling to Burbank and if you live in Burbank thank you for staying here and if you're here and then you have left the baby sitter at home and you're paying a babysitter EE I thank you this this is actually this monologue goes out to all the moms the stay at home moms who watch the show stayed home dad to watch the show I realized. I had lately been told how many moms are watching the show staying home with their little babies and and I'm sure they're staying home dads too but I was at the Emmys this past weekend and all these actresses who have recently had babies came up to me they travel in packs you know. Don't mess with them they're dangerous to the facts of actresses and don't feed him and. So anyway because I was at the party after the Emmys and and Debbie Mayes are came up to me and and Mary Louise Parker she's the leader and and they mostly you know said you know we we we just had babies and you know we're at home and taking care of the babies and watching you and thank you so much for giving us something to watch while we're home with the baby and then they left to go pump and. They are and so I want to say don't thank me thank you I say thank you for all you doing that that is just a you know the hardest job in the world I don't know how you do it I don't understand how these these women they're staying at home and man staying home taking care of babies and I truly don't because I don't have a baby but although I the closest I came I the other day I was home all day with the flu and. And I'm like a baby when I'm set so and there was no way to take care of me and the baby so I had to take care of me so was like taking care of a baby all day long I had to put myself down for now and I didn't want to go down on crime. See see see see. I think it myself a bottle of formula and the night pool which was just so bad I had to lose. I had to change not diapers but long distance companies which was a mess on the phone for hours very messy and my stuff okay it's nothing like being a stay at home mom but the the point is is that I don't know how people do it with babies because they're demanding the little babies they want constant attention just needy needy needy me me me that's what babies are and sure they're cute but they want to be held all the time day and night and not just a holding here's the problem too and you see it happen all the time they want to be balanced so you're standing there and not only are you standing there holding the baby but there's a constant balancing that has to happen somebody help me out right now you stop bouncing and all discount so the baby thinks it's still bouncing. 8 how that works out I'm babysitting for you right now. Balancing you don't have to bounce anymore use cannot do it anymore so this is why auntie Ellen has kittens because I don't want to do that. I have kids because I don't want to go she she she or played peekaboo or saying or anything like that because babies love singing all they love when you sing to him and so I was thinking how lucky your Madonna's kids you know. If you're going to be a baby you definitely want someone who can sing like a virgin. And Patti LaBelle you know she's got some songs and go right in with having a baby kichi kichi yeah yeah. But then when she hits those high notes that's got a way to tell the rule. You know the baby's crying she sing in. James Brown that's gonna be a tough one he if you're trying to saying they did not get on. The lady on you gotta be careful if you're burping the baby I guess it works out to you know that calm.